# Spend-Your-Gala-Time-with-Your-Friends-at-Midtown-Bars
Midtown Bars have something best to offer every guest who wants to spend their leisure time in a relaxed way with their friends. There are numbers of bars in Midtown located at various places across the city and in the surrounding regions. Each bar has its own best things to offerthe guests. Moreover, the weekend gala is celebrated more in an exciting way in these bars.

Find your happy hour deals at the Midtown Bars, where you can get overwhelmed with great offers too. There are different types of bars ranging from wine bars to classic in Midtown. You are absolutely flexible to choose your preferred bar to visit with your friends and spend your best time. Midtown has now gone back to the classics, which people expect the most. The traditionally styled boites are now with the renewed focus. You can find the legendary settings in the bars, lined up with a handful of sample attractions and numbers of activities to do.

To point a few popular Midtown bars:

Grand Central Terminal, transit the historical architectural attraction. This will be a great place to drink and spend your wonderful time. The half-hidden upstairs with soaring ceilings and leaded glass windows are the beautiful attractions. You can explore the old-fashioned elegance in this bar of Midtown. You can enjoy the retro-luxe environment that will delight you with the cocktails including Kentucky Ginger and Prohibition Punch.

Lantern’s Keep is an other remarkable bar in Midtown. This is an intimate bar with a lot of serious cocktails to offer you. The marble tabletops, dark wood and mind-blowing drinks like pineapple, cortado colada, lime, oco lopez cream and much more are there to delight you.Central Park, an other best bar to visit in Midtown. You will not only explore the wonderful environment 
and architecture of this building, but will also enjoy every sip of your drink at this bar. There is absolutely no shortage of drinks in the menu.

Upstairs at the Kimberly, offers you 360 degree panorama of the Midtown city. The heated floors and retractable ceiling will keep you warm, especially during the colder months.Lobby Lounge located at Mandarin Hotel, is preferred by many people, especially to spend their weekends. You can find the modern interiors in this hotel that will make you enjoy your time and create a better mood. The cozy armchairs, chess tables, pool table and fireplace will add to your comfort and relaxation, while you enjoy your drink.While talking about Wapping, the nightlife in this city is very exciting that everyone would want to spend with their friends. Similarly, if you are looking to visit a bar to have the best drinks, then there are number of bars located across Wapping, which includes, Captain Kidd, Dickens Inn, Prospect of Whitby, and Town of Ramsgate.
